Page document Alt windows are heading
level 1 Checkboxes.
Checkbox inputs must identify its name,
role, and state.
We start by letting the screen reader
read on its own,
then we'll start at the top manually.
Group start showing your favorites: Alpha
checkbox not checked.
Bravo checkbox not checked.
Charlie Checkbox not checked.
Group end same page link back to top of
page and for heading Level 1 checkboxes
This is all checkbox inputs.
Must the dental group start Alpha
checkbox not checked.
Show me your favorites.
Charlie checkbox not checked touch bro
and for checked alpha and for checked and
for not Brock Charlie checkbox not
checked check press spacebar.